Docs: Serverless function security considerations & Webhooks (#659)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/webhooks.md

# Webhooks

Webhooks are a common way that third-party services notify your RedwoodJS application when an event of interest happens. 

> They are a form of messaging and automation allows web applications to communicate with each other and send real-time data from one application to another whenever a given event occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are a form of messaging and automation allowing distinct web applications to communicate with each other and send real-time data from one application to another whenever a given event occurs.
```

  const netlifyInfo = {
    webhook: 'verifyNetlifyWebhook',
    headers: event.headers['x-netlify-event'],
  }
  const webhookLogger = logger.child({ netlifyInfo })

  try {
    webhookLogger.debug('Received Netlify event')

    const options = {
      signatureHeader: 'X-Webhook-Signature',
      issuer: 'netlify',
    } as VerifyOptions

    verifyEvent('jwtVerifier', {
      event,
      secret: process.env.NETLIFY_DEPLOY_WEBHOOK_SECRET,
      options,
    })
    const payload = JSON.parse(event.body)

    // Safely use the validated webhook payload

    webhookLogger.debug({ payload }, 'Now I can do things with the payload')

    return {
      statusCode: 200,
      body: JSON.stringify({
        data: payload,
      }),
    }
  } catch (error) {
    if (error instanceof WebhookVerificationError) {
      webhookLogger.warn('Unauthorized')
      return {
        statusCode: 401,
      }
    } else {
      webhookLogger.error({ error }, error.message)
      return {
        statusCode: 500,
        body: JSON.stringify({
          error: error.message,
        }),
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Secret Key Verifier (used by Orbit)

> * [Orbit](https://docs.orbit.love/docs/webhooks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Orbit Webhook Doc](https://docs.orbit.love/docs/webhooks)
```

# Webhooks

Webhooks are a common way that third-party services notify your RedwoodJS application when an event of interest happens. 

> They are a form of messaging and automation allows web applications to communicate with each other and send real-time data from one application to another whenever a given event occurs.

Author: I am making this intro a bit punchier and salesy.

When your RedwoodJS api side receives information in an incoming Webhook, the app can parse it, process it, save it or any other action needed.

Webhooks are different from other integration methods in that your third-party pushes new events instead of your application pulling or polling for new data.

## Examples of Webhooks

Some examples of outgoing Webhooks are:

* Netlify successfully [deploys a site](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/notifications/#outgoing-webhooks)
* Someone [pushes a PR to GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/creating-webhooks)
* Someone [posts in Discourse](https://meta.discourse.org/t/setting-up-webhooks/49045)
* Stripe [completes a purchase](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks)
* A cron/scheduled task wants to invoke a long running [background function on Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/functions/background-functions/)
* and more webhook integrations via services like [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/maker_webhooks), [Pipedream](https://pipedream.com/docs/api/rest/webhooks/) and [Zapier](https://zapier.com/apps/webhook/integrations)

> Since each of these webhooks will call a function endpoint in your RedwoodJS api, you need to ensure that these run **only when they should**. That means you need to:

Author: Added the intro

        statusCode: 401,
      }
    } else {
      webhookLogger.error({ error }, error.message)

      return {
        statusCode: 500,
        body: JSON.stringify({
          error: error.message,
        }),
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## How to Sign a Payload for an Outgoing Webhook event in RedwoodJS

The `api/webhooks` package exports [signPayload](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/main/packages/api/src/webhooks/index.ts) that will sign a payload using a [verification method](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/tree/main/packages/api/src/auth/verifiers) and create your "webhook signature".

Once you have the signature, you can 

* add the signature to your request http headers 
* with a signature key of your choosing 
* and then post the request to the endpoint 
* that needs to be sent the event

```js
import got from 'got'
import { signPayload } from '@redwoodjs/api/webhooks'

const YOUR_OUTGOING_WEBHOOK_DESTINATION_URL = 'https://example.com/receive'
const YOUR_WEBHOOK_SIGNATURE = process.env.WEBHOOK_SIGNATURE

export const sendOutGoingWebhooks = async ({ payload }) => {
  const signature = signPayload('timestampSchemeVerifier', {
    payload,
    secret,
  })

>   await got.put(

Author: Yes, it should be post. Correcting.
